README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img alt="Pokemon Unity Logo" src="https://i.imgur.com/E3necpp.png" />
  <h1 align="center">Pokemon Unity by IIcolour Spectrum</h3>
  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause"><img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-New%20BSD-blue.svg"></a>
    <a href="https://discord.gg/SggHcXP"><img alt="Discord Server" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/join%20us%20on-discord-7289DA.svg"></a>
    <a href="https://www.reddit.com/r/PokemonUnity/"><img alt="Reddit" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/join%20us%20on-reddit-ff5700.svg"></a>
  </p>
</p>

## This Project with Pokemon Framework

I use IIcolour Spectrm's orginal Pokemon Unity as a base with Herbertmilhomme's framework. So far, this project use wrapper ( Legacy <=> Framework ) and in future, I want to remove wrapper. 

This project is playable, but it has some issues and some features are disabled.

I recommend to not use this project as base to build a game, yet. 

#### My next plan ####
- Fix save file system
- Remove the wrapper
- Refactor Backend scripts
- Rewrite UI scene scripts
- Fix the known bugs

#### How to open the project and play a demo ####

For Unity: (2018.3.7f1)
  - Use Unity Hub or Editor to import this project's folder (/Pokemon Unity)
  - You will need to move database to ..\ ..\ ..\ \veekun-pokedex.sqlite. ( Found in /Pokemon Unity/Assets/Data )
  - Open startup.scene and play it

## IIcolour Spectrum

Pokemon Unity was in development for about a year before I could not continue working on the project. Rather than let it
die, I released the source as is.

Naturally this leaves it in a fairly incomplete state, albeit functional.

There's a lot of legacy code left over from when I was learning to use Unity, so some scripts (namely the PC and Bag interfaces) are 
functional though implemented rather poorly.

I'm hoping that the Pokémon Game Development Community will be able to continue my work and eventually get this project into a fully 
functional state.

If you need to contact me regarding the project for any reason, you can reach me via my YouTube channel, or the subreddit 
/r/PokemonUnity although I can't guarantee when I'll see it or how much I can help. I will try though.

Thank you to everyone who supported me during the development of Pokémon Unity. I hope this source is useful.

## Demo and Downloads ( IIcolour Spectrum's project )

There is a demo WebGL for testing available here: [https://developer.cloud.unity3d.com/share/-1r-ml4tFf/](https://developer.cloud.unity3d.com/share/ZJcLqS46-z/)

There are also demos for Windows, Linux, and Mac zipped in [Releases](https://github.com/superusercode/PokemonUnity/releases)! Please report any bugs if found.

## Credits

* Project author: [IIcolour Spectrum](https://www.reddit.com/user/IIcolour_Spectrum)
* Project maintainer: [superusercode](https://www.reddit.com/user/Lucas_One/)
* Pokemon Framework: [Herbertmilhomme](https://github.com/herbertmilhomme/PokemonUnity)
* Logo author: [Kaihatsu](https://twitter.com/KaihatsuYT)

## Contact

* Reddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/PokemonUnity/
* Discord server: https://discord.gg/AzW8Ds7MdE

Commit message:

SQLite Dictionary & Build Fixed
Now you don't need to move SQLite to correct dictionary. It  should able to load it without moving required.
For Build,
Look at ReadMe. Right now, it only tested for Windows 11. Windows 10 should works, too.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img alt="Pokemon Unity Logo" src="https://i.imgur.com/E3necpp.png" />
  <h1 align="center">Pokemon Unity by IIcolour Spectrum</h3>
  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause"><img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-New%20BSD-blue.svg"></a>
    <a href="https://discord.gg/SggHcXP"><img alt="Discord Server" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/join%20us%20on-discord-7289DA.svg"></a>
    <a href="https://www.reddit.com/r/PokemonUnity/"><img alt="Reddit" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/join%20us%20on-reddit-ff5700.svg"></a>
  </p>
</p>

## This Project with Pokemon Framework

I use IIcolour Spectrm's orginal Pokemon Unity as a base with Herbertmilhomme's framework. So far, this project use wrapper ( Legacy <=> Framework ) and in future, I want to remove wrapper. 

This project is playable, but it has some issues and some features are disabled.

I recommend to not use this project as base to build a game, yet. 

#### My next plan ####
- Fix save file system
- Remove the wrapper
- Refactor Backend scripts
- Rewrite UI scene scripts
- Fix the known bugs

#### How to open the project and play a demo ####

For Unity: (2018.3.7f1)
  - Use Unity Hub or Editor to import this project's folder (/Pokemon Unity)
  - You will need to move database to ..\ ..\ ..\ \veekun-pokedex.sqlite. ( Found in /Pokemon Unity/Assets/Data )
  - Open startup.scene and play it

#### How to build and run the project ####

For Window:
  - You build the project
  - Open Build folder and copy SQLite.Interop.dll from YourAppName/YourAppName_Data/Plugins to YourAppName/YourAppame_Data/Managed
  - Run YourAppName.exe

## IIcolour Spectrum

Pokemon Unity was in development for about a year before I could not continue working on the project. Rather than let it
die, I released the source as is.

Naturally this leaves it in a fairly incomplete state, albeit functional.

There's a lot of legacy code left over from when I was learning to use Unity, so some scripts (namely the PC and Bag interfaces) are 
functional though implemented rather poorly.

I'm hoping that the Pokémon Game Development Community will be able to continue my work and eventually get this project into a fully 
functional state.

If you need to contact me regarding the project for any reason, you can reach me via my YouTube channel, or the subreddit 
/r/PokemonUnity although I can't guarantee when I'll see it or how much I can help. I will try though.

Thank you to everyone who supported me during the development of Pokémon Unity. I hope this source is useful.

## Demo and Downloads ( IIcolour Spectrum's project )

There is a demo WebGL for testing available here: [https://developer.cloud.unity3d.com/share/-1r-ml4tFf/](https://developer.cloud.unity3d.com/share/ZJcLqS46-z/)

There are also demos for Windows, Linux, and Mac zipped in [Releases](https://github.com/superusercode/PokemonUnity/releases)! Please report any bugs if found.

## Credits

* Project author: [IIcolour Spectrum](https://www.reddit.com/user/IIcolour_Spectrum)
* Project maintainer: [superusercode](https://www.reddit.com/user/Lucas_One/)
* Pokemon Framework: [Herbertmilhomme](https://github.com/herbertmilhomme/PokemonUnity)
* Logo author: [Kaihatsu](https://twitter.com/KaihatsuYT)

## Contact

* Reddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/PokemonUnity/
* Discord server: https://discord.gg/AzW8Ds7MdE
